- do we need to connect to sapient middleware?
- jrip-c, link-16, asterix other protocols

## sapient intro
Within 2 minutes after some connection dropped, it is not required to send a new registration message

Ncia Middleware: talk to maarten Jean for connecting to the middleware. 

Additional namespace can be use on top of sapient, e.g. for classification/taxonomy

Qr code for sapient interoperability.

For testing, do it through the middleware
#### questions
- how to connect to middleware
- is there a list of types, e.g. for detections, we should stick to.
## Todo
- [ ] go to jean/maarten to connect cpvt to the middleware.
	- [ ] What will happen if we disconnect our c2 temporarily.
	- [ ] is there a list of taxonomy recommendations, i.e. some specific string for type drone
- [ ] intergrate sapient geomtry node into new version (set detections to drone)
	- [ ] set detections to drone, or check if teams use a word like "drone" often, in which case we use a drone mesh
- [x] don't craft new object if edge node id is the same
- [x] check why edge node connections keep creating entities after deleting (only create once).
- [ ] Check if we need to connect to SAPIENT middleware
- [x] Check if separate detections work with new geometry nodes
- [ ] check what type rhode and schwarz uses for drone detections, and other companies
- [ ] store status messages similar 
- [ ] add option to not send error messages, which will not be used by middleware anyways (global setting i guess).
- [ ] add option to not handle messages for disabled entities, so the error log doesnt get flooded